README.md, before:

# Employee Management - version: EM.02

- This is a management program of human resource in a company (In this program, the company's name is Acus)
- Project link (GitHub) : https://github.com/phamgiaphuc/EmployeeManagement-EM.02
- Project's author: Pham Gia Phuc - Acus
- Personal profile: https://github.com/phamgiaphuc

### Languages and tools in this project:

1. Java (Back-end).
2. Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) and OOP principles.
3. JavaFX and CSS (Front-end).
4. Maven.

-----------------------------------
<ins>

### USER GUIDE

</ins>

### STEP 1:  Before running program, you make sure your computer already installed tools below:

- JDK version 18.0.2 or later.
- JFX version 18.0.2 or later.
- Maven version 4.0.0 or later.

> I recommend JDK and JFX version must be match in order to have full experience to run the program successfully.

### STEP 2: Program is configured as follows:

**2.1 When running the program, admins enter a welcome stage which has _four functions_: sign-in, sign-out, information
and exit:**

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://drive.google.com/uc?id=17daugPsY7BaRCQvsQt2CpAd8drliOQm5">
</div>

- Sign-in: Users have to log in by a registered account. If they do not have any accounts or forget the log-in account,
  they need to go to the sign-up stage or password restoration.
- Sign-up: Users register an admin account. Each admin account has a specific PRIVACY code which help users to get back
  the password.
- Information: To know more about the project.
- Exit: Exit the program.

**2.2 After signing in successfully, there is an admin stage which contains _six functions_: add, search, edit, delete,
note, admin:**

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1ddDtdugkbBZSFCwjxom13B6Kjaag3MYW">
</div>

- Add: Adding employee information to the data.
- Search: Show employee or search a specific employee by the ID.
- Edit: Edit employee information.
- Delete: Delete employee information.
- Note: Note section for admins.
- Admin: Changing admin account like avatar, password and nickname.

### STEP 3: Run the program

Click the file path below:

- To run the program, click [here](src/main/java/application/employeemanagement/Welcome.java).

-----------------------------------
<ins>

### PROJECT ROOT

</ins>

```
    java
    |__ application.employeemanagement
        |__ function
    |__ project
        |__ acount
            |__ data
        |__ employee
            |__ base
            |__ engineer
            |__ worker
    |__ utilities
    
    resources
    |__ application.employeemanagement
        |__ avatar
        |__ css
        |__ photo
```

-----------------------------------
<ins>

### OPERATING ILLUSTRATION PICTURES

</ins>

- If you want to see more pictures, click [here](src/main/resources/readme/SHOWME.md).

Commit message:

Update the README: add a notice for users.

README.md, after:

# Employee Management - version: EM.02

- This is a management program of human resource in a company (In this program, the company's name is Acus)
- Project link (GitHub) : https://github.com/phamgiaphuc/EmployeeManagement-EM.02
- Project's author: Pham Gia Phuc - Acus
- Personal profile: https://github.com/phamgiaphuc

### Languages and tools in this project:

1. Java (Back-end).
2. Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) and OOP principles.
3. JavaFX and CSS (Front-end).
4. Maven.

-----------------------------------
<ins>

### USER GUIDE

</ins>

### STEP 1:  Before running program, you make sure your computer already installed tools below:

- JDK version 18.0.2 or later.
- JFX version 18.0.2 or later.
- Maven version 4.0.0 or later.

> **Advice:** I recommend JDK and JFX version must be match in order to have full experience to run the program successfully.

### STEP 2: Program is configured as follows:

**2.1 When running the program, admins enter a welcome stage which has _four functions_: sign-in, sign-out, information
and exit:**

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://drive.google.com/uc?id=17daugPsY7BaRCQvsQt2CpAd8drliOQm5">
</div>

- Sign-in: Users have to log in by a registered account. If they do not have any accounts or forget the log-in account,
  they need to go to the sign-up stage or password restoration.
- Sign-up: Users register an admin account. Each admin account has a specific PRIVACY code which help users to get back
  the password.
- Information: To know more about the project.
- Exit: Exit the program.

> **Notice:** I have already created an account. You can check the account by clicking [here](src/main/java/project/account/data/admin-accounts-data.txt). Or you can sign up your own account.

**2.2 After signing in successfully, there is an admin stage which contains _six functions_: add, search, edit, delete,
note, admin:**

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1ddDtdugkbBZSFCwjxom13B6Kjaag3MYW">
</div>

- Add: Adding employee information to the data.
- Search: Show employee or search a specific employee by the ID.
- Edit: Edit employee information.
- Delete: Delete employee information.
- Note: Note section for admins.
- Admin: Changing admin account like avatar, password and nickname.

### STEP 3: Run the program

Click the file path below:

- To run the program, click [here](src/main/java/application/employeemanagement/Welcome.java).

-----------------------------------
<ins>

### PROJECT ROOT

</ins>

```
    java
    |__ application.employeemanagement
        |__ function
    |__ project
        |__ acount
            |__ data
        |__ employee
            |__ base
            |__ engineer
            |__ worker
    |__ utilities
    
    resources
    |__ application.employeemanagement
        |__ avatar
        |__ css
        |__ photo
```

-----------------------------------
<ins>

### OPERATING ILLUSTRATION PICTURES

</ins>

- If you want to see more pictures, click [here](src/main/resources/readme/SHOWME.md).
